hey everybody finally finishing up the
two-stroke go-kart that I was building
got the steering on got the seat mounted
gas tanks mounted we get a chain
tensioner over there I'll show you how
that works it's pretty neat it's a flat
pulley attached to some flat steel and
there's a shaft that runs through that
tube to this piece of flat steel to the
spring and the whole thing is kind of
spring-loaded good amount of tension on
there it's perfect for this size chain
so chain hasn't fallen off yet I've
driven in about five minutes with it
like this before I painted it just to
make sure everything was all good and it
was so I slapped the coat of black paint
on there wired everything back up and
yeah now it's pretty much done so yeah
let's start this thing up and drive it
around a little bit I want to show you
how it goes it's not crazy fast but it's
about as fast as you'd want to go on
anything without brakes it probably does
about 15 to 20 miles an hour through the
grass it's really good on driveways but
if you weight this thing with more than
like 150 pounds of bogs down a lot
because the frame is pretty heavy and it
is only a little 43 cc engine so chances
are I'll probably end up selling this
thing to someone and their kid will
probably love it if you had somebody
that was less than a hundred pounds
riding this thing around in a driveway
or dirt road it would be a blast
as you can see works pretty good
everything functions as it should it's
pretty fun to ride it's not super fast
and if I wait anymore probably wouldn't
be nearly as fun but tops out around
15-20 miles an hour so you know brakes
are probably optional it just makes you
a better driver but I'm probably going
to sell this thing it will probably make
some kid really really happy I'm
guessing for 200 bucks or somewhere
around that I think is probably a fair
price yeah this will this would be a
cool go cut for somebody and yeah I
guess it's pretty much done but thanks
for watching the video you guys rate it
up if you liked it and we'll see you
next time